thank you oh this is Sonic today I'll be
doing a Sonic X knuckles plush you go
from your head to toe then out of
yourself first of all the head there's
three things I don't really like about
him is that it's noses this isn't stuff
so it's lifeless and - he's too hard
well not too hard he's a bit hard for us
sorry um I mean you lost things that
there's a Looney Street that's what you
have to pull out whatever you get you
push the muscles really nice color can i
creamy well stitched on the mouth is
printed on I smile this splits polyester
fiber and that's printed over there nice
facial expressions the eyes are watching
people um the spikes are really well
done they're very long but stuff really
well and sound now this the tail sticks
out so you this I'll get there so
there's a good place they can hold it
like that okay next is the body he's not
actually as hard the bodies are actually
as hard as its head but is quite hard
still the arms are exactly right sighs
and so done very well this is placed
fireman squirrels but very bigger than
ice spikes you can get a pen
so there's some pick a hole so you can
just play and now the tail is soft like
a lightning bolt tale so she got serious
lightning bolt tale and that's well done
as well oh one thing I forgot to
remember to tell you about being heads
is that it did come with a hanger hey yo
hanger but I just took that off because
they used to me got so far
next is the legs the legs are so long
very well there but they don't come off
and they so you can just sit down run
and the whole apart from these
buttons and they sold on this night
great it it's all pious fiber so it
feels very nice good pattern this feels
nice as well and it's a lot softer than
the body yet and the head it quite nice
feature to it although I do think the
feet should be hard with your body in
the head these issues and then another
thing I don't like about this plush is
that these buttons are really easily
come off it's just like will pull that
come up see you have to glue them on I
grew that all three times here a good
brush so you can sit down next overview
time
each tag is really quite big suppose
Louis hit in the horse leg and made from
cardboard this is actually pink right
where nice artwork um knuckles like I
said the shadow with you outlined in
white knuckles the echidna okay site X
emblem site butter old details I don't
know what's with me some exposures not
not for children under 15 years oh my
gosh this is a bit please remove all
packaging attachments poorly in this toy
to a child
these thing that attached it's a pop
Italian the card will take mr. plastic
pieces made out of ice fiber plastic
Sonic X nice and spicy Sega sonic
projects or new materials polyester
fiber appropriate arts uses different
naã¯ve for ages 15 and up straight made
in China
so do types pretty nice I'll make this
out of 10 I'll rate it after we've seen
the ups and the downs
now the ups are that very nice eyes nice
feel nice colors all the way around
nice hands good feed nice present very
good spice and but these floors in this
bad things and start the buttons are
very easy to come off stringy bits that
you have to pull out a lifeless nose
I'm just a bit too hard now the moment
of truth
drum roll please I will rate this out of
ten solid ten out of ten yes people this
is the ultimate sonic X curse the
poachers great unless olivia is quite
hard he feels very sturdy and he doesn't
feel like he's gonna fall apart so this
is a very very very good push well done
say you can buy this at amazon.com thank
you for watching